README.md, before:

# CarDealership

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.0.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Creating boilerplate project. Adding README to directories.

README.md, after:

# Car Dealership

## Project Details

#### User Stories

Use these stories to guide your development process:

- As a customer, I need to see a list of cars and narrow down my search using filters.

- As a customer, I want my car to have a sun roof, 4 wheel drive, and power windows.

- As a Frontend Engineer, I need to leverage Angular to build a single page application.

- As a Frontend Engineer, I need to organize the project that emphasizes separation of concerns.

- ... Feel free to add user stories as you see fit!

#### Description

Create a tool with filtering options that returns a list of automobiles fulfilling the customer’s request. The customer input form should include a way for customers to enter their criteria and whether they want all or some criteria to be matched.

It is acceptable to use the Angular CLI tool to set this project up. We also recommend using UI components libraries such as [Angular Material](https://material.angular.io/guide/getting-started). We are looking for a frontend solution that consumes your API service and displays the information in a friendly manner.

It will be safe to assume that any "storage" required by the application can/should/will be done using Web APIs; you may mock the storage for those as you need, but the application must behave exactly the same if/when a back end is wired up to it. If you prefer to use a real back-end, you may, but we urge you not to spend a great deal of time on that--we are interested (and will be evaluating you) solely on your front-end skills.

---

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.0.5.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

---
